# MyProjects over the years
This is all of my project I have done over the years including the Year 1 last project and my website that serves like a portofolio.
- **E-bike Guardian**: Is a website that is deployed with **Python-Flask** meaning its written in **Python**.
- **Javascript/CSS**: Is a website page that consists of 3 apps. The first one is a **To-DO app** that create new tasks, mark them as complete, remove the completed tasks, remove all tasks and save the list. The second thing is a **Weather app** one. It prompts the user for his location and when he gives it the app then shows him all the weather data it can get about said place (that includes a description of the weather, temperature value, which can be presented in Celsius or Fahrenheit, and the location of the user). The last app is a **Tetris game** that has all the functionalities of a normal tetris game(increasing difficulty as user gets more points, capability of moving and rotating blocks), except that this one has a pause and random generating colours for blocks. The website is built using **JavaScript**, **JQuery**, **HTML** and **CSS**
- **30th Anniversary Website**: Is a website that I went with to a Bulgarian competition and reached the national stage. Its written in **HTML**, **CSS** and **PHP**.
- **The Website Две Шепи Вода**: Is another website that I went with to a Bulgarian competition and nearly reached the national stage. Its written in **HTML**,**CSS** and **Javascript**.
- **Mini Project (CarWash)**: Is two **python** files that are used by a **Raspberry Pi 3** for reading and storing car plates. They are entirely written in **Python**.
- **Robo Car Remote Control**: Is again two files, but this time one of them is a **php** file and the other a **python** file. They work together so that one reads(**python** file) what the other posts(**php** file) in a local file on the **Raspberry Pi 3**.
- **Case Kommunikado**: Is a small case I did in my free time that consists of using **HTML**, **SCSS**, **JavaScript**, **Slick-Carousel** and **JQuery** to create a responsive website page that shows a list of items/articles.
- **Case Swap Language**: Another small case where I was tasked with making a simple responsive form web page using **tailwind CSS** and **ASP.NET**.
- **The Blob**: Is my final project for my first semester in Web Development. It is made using visual studio 2019 and it written in C# (**ASP.NET MVC**). The project was to create a web variant of the popular tamagotchi games using **ASP.NET MVC and Entity framework** that connect to an Azure database, which stores information about the different users (passwords, emails) and their characters (inventory, hunger, sleep, fun). The application is divided into three parts (front/back-end and the database), where front-end uses api calls (**JavaScript**) to call custome made APIs that interact with the backend, which then configures the database. This project wasnt entirely done by me I had two more people with me who set up the animations, style of the text and came up with the design for the project.
